#Sphinx Documentation
Much of the code has been documented using [Sphinx](http://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/stable/) which can be used to generate documentation by the user. Here I provide an introduction to the four basic run scripts and how they can be used to change parameters in the model. This is by no means an exhaustive guide.

# Workflow
There are four scripts used to run cslvr. These scripts must be customized for the domain and data of interest.

They are found in cslvr/simulations/[Location]/data_assimilation/[AreaOfInterest] where Location is Greenland, Antarctica, or ISMIP test cases. AreaOfInterest specifies regional- or continental-scale. Meshes for new areas of Interest can be added by the user.

The most important scripts are:

1. **gen_mesh.py**: This script puts the data into finite elements for a particular projection. This script is serial.

2. **gen_vars.py**: This script takes the "brick" mesh and puts data on the mesh to turn it into a realistic ice sheet. This script runs in parallel.

3. **gen_submeshes.py**: This script makes a few useful submeshes to expedite later calculations. This script is serial.

4. **data_assimilation.py**: This script evaluates the physics of the model and inverts for basal traction. This script is parallel

See the documentation on the individual scripts to learn more about how they can be edited to suit a particular use case. These scripts can be edited and renamed anything. 

Note they need to be run in the order indicated above, and only need to be rerun if there has been a change in an earlier script. For example, a single mesh file generated in gen_mesh.py can be reused with different data by changing and rerunning gen_vars.py. It is not necessary to rerun gen_mesh.py after changing gen_vars.py, just remember to change the name of the output generated by gen_vars.py each time it is run.
